Create 2020-08-27-infrastructure.md (#352)
hyphacoop/organizing: _posts/meeting-notes/2020-08-27-infrastructure.md

---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2020-08-27 Hypha Worker Co-op: Infrastructure

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       11:00-12:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  pc, bl, el  
Cultivator: el  
Notetaker:  pc

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)         |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         30 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)           |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- if you could be one body part, what would it be?

>     - pc: an octopus' eye. because there's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - pc: an octopus' eye. because they evolved separately, and I'd like to know what the feel like
```

    - bl: tooth. bc it's fragile and hurts. eyeballs super sensitive. heart. deeply buried hair, not shown on webcam. for elon.
    - el: mouth.

### Announcements

- ...

### Task Board Review

- Review DONE tasks :tada:
	- ...
- Review [`[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi] [`[priority-★★☆]`][l-pri-md] [`[priority-★☆☆]`][l-pri-lo] [`[priority-none]`][l-pri-none]
	- ...
	- #313 server access
	    - everyone needs new infra keys
	    - we won't pull repeatedly from github, in case github is compromised

> 	    - we don't automatically use github keys as snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	    - patcon suggested using github keys as snapshot to set people up. others not in favour
```
